# Space-website-stuff
Right, so...I've had a good go. 
I've used the Spacey website as a base but didn't want it identical so thought I'd do it about pizzas. I'm quite pleased with the results, though it's a little rough around the edges. I started by opening a new index.html and .css file, putting in the boiler plate at the top with the '!' shortcut and linked them both together so I can meddle about. I've used <h1> for the name at the top but <h2> for the subsequent heading as I wanted them to stand out still. I've made different <section> tags for the three main parts of the body (Home, Pizza Facts and Recipes) and have given each a class to distinguish them in the css. I've added background images from UnSplash to all of the sections as well as the header and navigation bar. I've used a funky font from google to make the text a bit cooler and used green, white and red to match the Italian flag at the top of the page. (Although I liked the photo, I found it a bit busy so I've used a glass effect from css.glass to make it a bit easier to read.) I've used buttons in each section to link to appropriate material about pizzas that may be of interest (Though I realise with time it'd be nice to bring the user to other proper pages with facts and recipes, these are kind of place-holders as I was more concerned with learning what was possible) The text and buttons started right the top so I've applied separate classes to them to use the 'position' property to adjust them back down to the bottom. (In hindsight, I think I'd have liked to adjust the margin of the home text also to line up with the others a bit better, but there we go...)
After a bit of googling, I've used an 'id' attribute to link the nav bar to their respective places on the page so you can go straight to the section you want from the top. 
I'm pleased, overall, that it's turned out much like I set out for it to look. There were a few bits I struggled with, though, such as tying class sections to the image rather than the text and vice versa, struggling to link the nav bar to the page sections and an issue where there were gaps in between the photos rather than sitting flush with each other. I found googling helpful for tips as to why things might not be working like they should and the 'inspect' tool really handy, in particular to meddle about it real time, see any effects and then swap them properly in VSC. 
I've also got a bit of an issue where it's a bit loose and seems to jiggle in the page slightly, but I only realised this after posting. I'm curious as to why and what I might need to do to fix that.
